Vim Configuration
=================

Got fed up of having to completely setup Vim on every new computer/reinstalled OS.

Usage
-----

### Mac/Unix ###

    cd path_to_repo
    git clone git://github.com/sedm0784/vimconfig.git
    (or if you're me, git@github.com:sedm0784/vimconfig.git)

    ln -s path_to_repo/vimconfig/vimfiles ~/.vim
    ln -s path_to_repo/vimconfig/_vimrc ~/.vimrc
    ln -s path_to_repo/vimconfig/_gvimrc ~/.gvimrc

### Windows ###

In git bash:

    cd path_to_repo
    git clone git://github.com/sedm0784/vimconfig.git
    (or if you're me, git@github.com:sedm0784/vimconfig.git)

Then, from a cmd shell:

    mklink /D %HOMEDRIVE%\%HOMEPATH%\vimfiles path_to_repo\vimconfig\vimfiles
    mklink /D %HOMEDRIVE%\%HOMEPATH%\.vim path_to_repo\vimconfig\vimfiles
    mklink %HOMEDRIVE%\%HOMEPATH%\_vimrc path_to_repo\vimconfig\_vimrc
    mklink %HOMEDRIVE%\%HOMEPATH%\_gvimrc path_to_repo\vimconfig\_gvimrc

N.B.

1. I'm not 100% sure that it's correct from a Windows-perspective that I'm using %HOMEDRIVE%\%HOMEPATH% instead of %USERPROFILE%, but as far as I can tell, this is what Vim actually uses for setting $HOME.

2. Don't edit the _vimrc file in your home directory (e.g. via ':e $MYVIMRC') from within Vim, as if you do, the symlink will be deleted and replaced with a copy of the file on save. This is supposed not to happen (see ':help backupcopy') but it doesn't seem to work for me right now, even with backupcopy set to 'yes'.

   If you use the /H to create hard links for _vimrc then you can edit either file in Vim, as expected. However, if you do this, then a git pull will not update the _vimrc in your home dir, so the symlink is better.

TODO
----

1. This could be more elegant. No wrapper directory is actually required: instead the .vimrc and .gvimrc files could be stored inside the .vim directory, and the clone command could give the repo directory the correct name, e.g. 

    git clone git://github.com/sedm0784/vimconfig.git ~/.vim

2. Should've used Unix filepaths instead of Windows ones. Yuck.

3. Figure out how to do "conditional on OS" in vimrc and merge windows and mac branches into trunk.
